- Simultaneous plays cannot exist - plays must be sequential or else
  certain situations get very confused. A simple example: if every
  player's intention is to concede, then they've all conceded at once,
  a non-sensical result, and also likely to result in someone changing
  their mind at the last second as they hear the others starting to say
  the word "conceded".

- The ability of the challenger to select other players probably is not
  good for game balance. On average, all players will get to play an
  equal number of times. However, that assumes an infinite number of
  challenges. Assuming, rather, just a short number of plays, say three
  games, for example, it is very likely that there will be an imbalance
  in the number of challenges each player participated in. This directly
  relates to their potential score. This seems fundamentally unfair.

  Options:

    1) Despite the uniqueness of the game mechanic, a simple solution
       is to eliminate it. Every player participates in every challenge.
       This is equivalent to the two player game where there is no
       opponent selection.

    2) If you want to keep the challenge concept, then a mechanism
       should be designed that encourages equal player participation.


- Monkey wrenches seem imbalanced - one wipes out the entire field, but
  another just reduces the value of one card by one point. Wrenches are
  rare - maybe they should all be relatively powerful so their meaning
  is not diluted.

- Overall, it's not really clear why the actions associated with a card
  are where they are. It seems arbitrary. Many event action could also
  be character actions, or could be monkey wrenches. The card type
  (event, skill, tool, etc.) has a different function and gives some
  structure to the play. That's important, but I think it's also
  important that the types of actions are somehow related to a card
  type. If every card can make something random happen in the game, then
  it dilutes the structural value of separating skills, characters, 
  monkey wrenches, etc. in to different card types.

- Would be nice if monks and lords have different strategies.

- No skills & no tools events too boring; players wish to concede quickly.
  Otherwise, better to have types of plays that can be done without skills
  and tools.

- max characters = 
      4     - initial hand
    + 1     - steal card
    + 1     - draw extra character
    + 4     - trade hands
    = 10
